- I see threads, pages,
Instagram accounts,
that are all about fitness motivation,
or weight loss motivation.
Well, there's a problem
with seeking motivation
in that it usually
revolves around pictures
or videos of individuals who may be
10,000 decisions away from being
at a fitness level of where you are.
So, for example, pictures
of Arnold Schwarzenegger,
or Jeremy Buendia, these
are people who are at
the absolute peak of physical development.
Even NFL players, absolute
peak, perfect genetics,
all sorts of things.
And so when somebody
presents you with a potential
bad decision, like they
put a chocolate cake
in front of you, you think,
oh, I have 10,000 steps to go,
so if I just screw this one
step up, it's not gonna make
that much of a difference.
That is fake news.
So, it's much easier instead of looking
for motivation, what
you need is discipline.
Because discipline you can use,
very simple decision making process.
This is a lizard brain process.
Do you wanna wake up tomorrow morning
and be the guy who
screwed up your principles
and decided to break
from what you've already
committed yourself to?
Or not?
So it's one decision, it's one decision,
one moment, one day.
So I asked a friend of
mine who's really been
struggling to lose weight, he says,
"well, I don't wanna give up pizza,
"I don't wanna give up beer,
I don't wanna give up chocolate cake."
It turns out he doesn't
really wanna give up anything,
and I said, "look, have you ever had a day
without pizza, or without
beer, or without soda?"
Ya, of course, right.
You're traveling,
whatever, didn't get that,
and you had something else.
So if you made it through one day
and you didn't go insane,
then maybe you can make it
through another day.
And then if you make these
decisions day by day,
nutrition is much easier, and
you don't have those moments.
So when you sit down,
and you have a choice
between ordering that really healthy meal
or having nachos with your friends, say,
yeah, I don't wanna be that person today.
I wanna be the person that stuck
to what I committed myself to.
And it's much easier to stay on that path,
and then day, after day, after day,
10,000 decisions later, or
less, you have what you want.